New version of snow white story
Once upon a time, there was a gorgeous princess named Snow White lived in a castle with her father, the King, and her stepmother, the Queen. She was kind and gentle, and a friend to all animals. The queen, Snow White's stepmother, was so much selfish and so jealous of Snow White's beauty so she decided to kill the Snow White and replace her to be the fairest of them all. In order to protect herself, the Snow White left home and lived in a forest with seven dwarfs together. But the queen never gave up the idea of killing her. One day, the evil queen pretended to be a poor old woman and selled a red apple to the Snow White. However, that red apple is poisoned! After having a bite, Snow White fell to the ground in a deep sleep. One day, a handsome Prince happened to pass through and kissed the Snow White. Suddenly, she woke up! At the same time, she was given a magic power of mind reading. She read the queen's mind and knew that she wanted to kill the king, replacing him and ruling the whole kingdom. In order to protect her father and the whole kingdom, the Snow White decided to go back home and fight against with the evil queen. 

On her way back to the palace, Snow White noticed that something was off. She saw the people who greet with her everyday, and what she reads from their mind was all
about how to get rid of her and the King. The guard who always kept a big smile on his face was thinking about how to abduct her in someplace quiet, the baker who 
provide the fresh bread to her family was wondering whether she would fit in his stove, the gardener who always hide in the shade of bushes was considering bury her
under his favourite violet... Snow White then found out that almost everyone was lured by the Queen to fight against her and her father, she was so scared that she
ran to the hall in a hurry, trying to let the King know what is going on, only found the Queen sitting on the iron thron with the scornful gaze on her face.
"Everything is over, Snow White", the Queen said."Your father have already in my hand, there is nothing you can do to stop me." She then clapped, a servant pushed 
the King who sit on a wheelchair out of the curtain. Snow White was almost desperate, she mumbled "There most be a way..."
